Adds gatsby-wordpress. (#228)
platformsh/template-builder: templates/gatsby-wordpress/files/README.md

# Gatsby Wordpress multi-app for Platform.sh

<p align="center">
<a href="https://console.platform.sh/projects/create-project?template=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platformsh/template-builder/master/templates/gatsby-wordpress/.platform.template.yaml&utm_content=gatsby-wordpress&utm_source=github&utm_medium=button&utm_campaign=deploy_on_platform">
    <img src="https://platform.sh/images/deploy/lg-blue.svg" alt="Deploy on Platform.sh" width="180px" />
</a>
</p>

This template builds a multi-app project using Gatsby as its frontend and a Wordpress backend to store content using Gatsby's Wordpress source plugin.

> Gatsby is a free and open source framework based on React that helps developers build blazing fast websites and apps, and WordPress is a blogging and lightweight CMS written in PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatsby is a free and open source framework based on React that helps developers build statically-generated websites and apps, and WordPress is a blogging and lightweight CMS written in PHP.
```

We try to avoid getting too market-y in the descriptions.
